[ALICE]
Surely you jest.
We can't hand him over
to the Sovereignty!
He's an ex‐Saint Disciple.
Imagine.
They'd lock him up for life.
No. Torture him for intel.
Then end up putting
him to death!
Rin. This is a direct order.
Stop this.
He mustn't be taken
to the Central Province!
If for no other reason
than to keep him
from the palace.
Imagine the devastation
if he broke free.
[RIN]
I understand.
We'll head to the Nebulis
territory we're closest to
at this time.
[ALICE]
Okay, which would be...
You're kidding.
[RISYA] Iska, Successor
of the Black Steel,
has been kidnapped
by the Ice Calamity Witch.
In the neutral city
of Ein, no less.
[GREAT APOSTLE A]
An unfortunate turn.
But it does not
change our plans.
Continue to focus on
the secret operation.
Well, sir.
That was my intention.
But no.
His Excellency has insisted
I hold off for now.
[GREAT APOSTLE A]
What?!
[F GREAT APOSTLE]
The Emperor is quite fickle.
[GREAT APOSTLE B]
Then what would you do, Risya?
We have witnesses who saw
Iska being transported
in a vehicle.
Based on the route,
we're fairly certain
where they're taking him.
To Province 13,
also known as "Alcatroz."
It's the Prison Sector.
Where Salinger the Heretical
Demon is being held.
You'll recall that he rose
up against the former
Queen Nebulis.
If we can free him,
he could end up being
a useful asset for the Empire.
[GREAT APOSTLE B] It will be no
easy feat to woo Salinger
the Transcendent to our side.
[F GREAT APOSTLE]
But it's worth trying.
[GREAT APOSTLE A]
Risya, act as you will.
[RISYA]
I plan on doing just that.
Sorry, guys, thanks for waiting!
What a tough break, am I right?
That's putting it mildly, ma'am.
Of course, it's horrible.
What now?
We can go rescue Iska, can't we?
You may.
But it will be a tough mission.
You must pass the power trial.
Otherwise, you stand no
chance of crossing the border.
That's where these come in.
I told you I had a trick up my
sleeve to get you inside.
[JHIN]
Is that astral energy?
[NENE]
I don't get it.
Fear not. Just watch.
Your hand, please.
There.
What're you doing?
Hold on. Am I a witch now?
On a surface level.
The mark fades in a week.
The crest emits
concentrated astral energy.
It should be sufficient
to gain you access
to the Sovereignty.
It's disturbing, but it's smart.
Our top‐secret researchers
have outdone themselves.
[NENE] So we're going
undercover as astral mages
to get across the border.
I get it.
‐‐[RISYA] Mm‐hmm.
‐‐[JHIN] A wise plan
[JHIN] Boss, give me
your left shoulder.
What?
[JHIN]
This should be suitable.
Don't you agree?
[RISYA]
Oh, wow.
Looks pretty believable to me.
It's just like the real deal.
[MISMIS chuckles]
Please.
Don't be ridiculous, Risya.
[NENE]
Jhin, where do you want yours?
[JHIN]
My ankle.
[RISYA] After you cross the
Nebulis Sovereignty's border,
you'll head for Alcatroz.
Stay covert and figure out
where Iska is being held.
And once we've found him?
Wreak havoc.
While you're doing that,
other undercover agents
I'm coordinating with
will create similar diversions.
We'll take advantage of the
confusion and send units
to infiltrate the palace.
So then you're not
abandoning the plan
to capture Queen Nebulis?
[RISYA]
I'm counting on you!
[RIN] Lady Alice,
we've arrived in Alcatroz.
Head to our lodging.
At once.
[ALICE] So. What am I
supposed to do with you?
I wonder how long you'll be out.
My. You're more
muscular than you look.
Poke.
My skin is softer than yours.
That's one win for me, at least.
It's disconcerting.
You're my enemy.
But you make me forget that.
[RIN screams]
[ALICE]
What just happened?
[RIN]
A cat darted out.
I apologize, ma'am.
Be careful.
No! Oops. Sorry.
[RIN]
Lady Alice?
I'm perfectly fine, Rin.
You just keep your
eyes on the road!
[ALICE]
You're awake?
Where am I?
What's going on?
You assured me that
he would be unconscious
until at least tomorrow morning.
[RIN]
He should still be out!
His tolerance must be far
higher than I expected.
Oh. Looks like
you've remembered.
We have taken you
into our custody.
Also...
Don't be mad at me
because you're the one
who sipped from
the spiked drink.
Really? Alice?
[ALICE]
What's wrong?
I'm disappointed in you.
To think that a princess
would resort to using
such a dirty trick.
That's not true!
I had no idea what was going on!
Blame her!
She did this of her own accord.
Yes, but, Lady Alice!
This was not the outcome
I had in mind.
It's your fault,
Imperial swordsman!
How dare you be
fooled so easily?
[ISKA] Are you seriously blaming
the guy who got poisoned?
[INSPECTOR] You're free
to enter. Move along.
That's one obstacle we're past.
[INSPECTOR]
Next. Show your crest.
Sorry for the wait, Jhin!
How'd you get through so fast?
You girls are slow, that's all.
Now, then. Let's move.
Be on your guard.
Right.
We're coming. Stay safe, Iska!
[RISYA] As expected,
you did an excellent job.
That went off without a hitch.
But soon...
I'm afraid you'll
be on your own.
I have other matters
to attend to.
[RIN]
Lady Alice. We've arrived.
Take heed, prisoner.
You're now inside
the Sovereignty.
You have no allies here.
It would be smart
to follow our demands.
Remember your place.
Now, follow me.
Whoa...
This is a prison?
[ALICE sighs]
I'm so tired.
I have never been in
such a tense car ride
in my life.
[RIN]
Worry not, my lady.
I assumed we would
need a holding cell
for the prisoner,
so I reserved another room
for the detainee.
Did you?
No doubt you chose
the smallest room.
I don't want any rumors
spreading that a princess
treated her prisoner poorly.
But please think.
He's a dangerous enemy!
We must keep him locked
up and far away from you.
[ALICE]
He has no weapons.
Even without a sword,
he'll try to attack you
when your guard is down
or while you're sleeping.
Trust me, all men are animals!
[ALICE, ISKA]
What does that mean?
As you wish.
I'll keep watch over
the prisoner in here
and ensure he's no trouble.
You can take the presidential
suite next door.
That sounds much better.
Thank you.
You take good care of him.
[RIN]
Of course, my lady.
[phone beeping]
Hi, everyone!
I'm thrilled to see
everyone made it.
[MISMIS]
Risya!
[RISYA] How's your
first visit to Alcatroz?
The stories I heard are true.
This whole province
is covered in prisons.
[RISYA]
Very much so.
You see, convicts from
all over the world
are transferred to
Province 13 for safekeeping.
The witches here
in the Sovereignty
are well compensated
for playing warden
to violent criminals from
all across the nation.
[JHIN]
The prisoners are astral mages?
Most all of them.
And some of them
are rather infamous.
Like the Transce‐‐
Oh, oops.
[JHIN]
Hm?
[RISYA]
Never mind.
Jhin‐Jhin, take your next left.
Then keep going straight.
Wait. Does that mean...
...you can actually see us?
[RISYA] Ah!
Nothing gets past you, Nens!
Hi!
I don't understand‐‐
why are you here?
[RISYA] How could I possibly
let my precious Mismis
go on this mission without me?
So. Now that you're caught up,
we should begin. Yes?
[NENE]
What do we do?
[RISYA] We're headed to
where Issy's being held.
At Ollelugan Tower.
It's a prison!
The last time you and I were
alone was in the forest.
What's your point?
[RIN] This is the hotel
favored by Nebulis royals.
Alice would keep you
here until we decide
what to do with you.
I'm afraid I can't allow that.
And why not?
It's far too risky.
You are a threat.
But Lady Alice seems to
continually disregard this fact.
Pity.
What are you doing?
This is what happened.
You lunged for the
knife on the table,
and before I could react,
you attacked me.
My injuries will
prove that's true.
Hold up, you're framing me?
I had no choice but
to act in self‐defense.
An Imperial soldier cannot
be simply monitored.
He must be imprisoned
or put to death.
[ISKA]
Don't do this.
Iska of the Empire.
It's over for you.
[ISKA]
Are you serious?
There is no other way, you dog!
You're the greatest obstacle
standing between Lady Alice
and her goals!
Think about it another way.
With your death,
your dream for peace
will come true as well.
You are a sacrifice!
Sorry, but I plan to live
to see that future!
Maybe we'll have a nice cold
tomato pasta for dinner.
No, that won't do.
Rin would not be pleased if
she made the connection.
Now that Iska's my prisoner,
I have to be careful.
I can't treat him too nicely.
Hey, Rin?
I was going to
order some dinner‐‐
[ISKA grunting]
Impressive that you stopped
my attack despite
being handcuffed.
You won't kill me that easily.
Oh? Alice!
I doubt your master is pleased
about what she's seeing
right now.
Ha! Don't be an idiot!
I won't fall for what's
obviously a desperate ruse.
If Lady Alice is here, why
hasn't she stopped me?
[ALICE] Feel free to ask
me that directly, Rin.
Mind if I join?
It would appear you're
having a good time.
Oh, hi... My Lady.
It's heavily guarded,
even for a prison.
We wouldn't have gotten in
without Miss Saint Disciple's
help.
I agree. But then she ran off.
Poor Iska.
Are we sure this is where he is?
Saint Disciples are
the Emperor's guards.
It's rare that they
leave the capital city.
If Risya joined the mission,
he must be here. Though...
I suppose it's possible
she has a different agenda,
something we don't know about.
[RIN] Lady Alice.
Everything is in order.
I must say this plan
gives me pause.
You're the one who can't
be trusted to watch Iska.
You are dismissed.
Right.
Please be careful, My Lady.
From now on,
I will be acting as
your personal warden.
You should feel honored.
[ISKA]
One question.
Go on.
We're going to stay
chained like this?
[ALICE]
Naturally.
Rin said you cannot be trusted
with handcuffs alone.
Why the groan?
It's just...
I have some basic
practical concerns.
Save your breath.
You can't talk your
way out of this one.
Plus, Rin has the keys, so...
How do we use the bathroom?
Huh?
Or bathe, or sleep at night?
This is bad!
You're bringing that up now?
Wait, was this your
diabolical plan all along?
I never pegged
you for a pervert!
[ISKA] You didn't think
this through, did you?
Well, I...
You all right?
[ALICE]
I realized when you mentioned‐‐
that I haven't "gone" since
this whole ordeal started.
[ISKA]
You mean to the bath‐‐
You're just making it worse!
Rin. Bring the keys!
It's an emergency.
You sent her away, remember?
[ALICE]
Rin?
[RIN] Don't even think of doing
anything lecherous.
Take one step
toward the bathroom,
and you'll be in the ground
before you know it.
[ISKA] Why do you keep
thinking I'm that guy?
Look, now that we're alone...
Tell me what you have planned.
[RIN]
Mine is a simple desire.
To see you locked away.
Blame yourself.
You could have joined us,
but you chose the Empire.
Because of that fact,
I do not trust you.
However, Lady Alice
will decide your fate.
[ALICE]
Ah...
I feel so refreshed after
such a long day.
Rin, did you lay
out fresh clothes?
[ALICE screams]
Stop! Don't look!
Avert your eyes! Please!
I forgot you were
in here with us!
[ISKA]
Your crest.
[ALICE]
Iska...
What do you think
when you see this?
That it's the sign of a demon,
an unknown disease,
a mark that denotes
me as a monster.
I know that's what
the Empire thinks.
Lady Alice!
[ALICE]
Don't misunderstand me.
I don't care what Imperials say.
I don't care if you
think it's a curse.
I am proud of my astral crest.
But... For some reason...
I want to hear your thoughts.
How do you view my mark?
There's this captain
in the Empire
who recently became a "witch."
That person is still a
valued soldier in our ranks.
I don't care if she has
an astral crest now.
I still respect her.
Are these marks the
reason why this conflict
has continued for
a hundred years?
Could something so
simple drive a war?
[ISKA]
No.
Fears and prejudices divide us.
I'm from the Empire and
you're from the Sovereignty.
We're products of our nations.
The astral crests
have nothing to do with it.
[ALICE]
I see.
So, you're saying you
don't care about my mark?
You know that I don't.
Then, what do you think of me?
Huh? What am I?
A fierce rival.
[RIN]
Insolent fool!
How dare you, a lowly soldier,
consider her as a rival!
‐‐[ALICE] It's fine.
‐‐[RIN] The boy is a worm.
I feel like a weight has been
lifted from my chest.
Thank you.
That's the answer I hoped for.
You don't treat me
like I'm special.
That's bold,
but how it should be.
Alice.
I have something else
I want to say.
[ALICE]
What is it?
Just that...
I'd really appreciate it if
you'd put some clothes on.
[ALICE screams]
How dare you!
I can't believe you
were ogling me!
You're the one who
was standing there naked.
[ALICE] Because I got
lost in my thoughts.
This isn't fair.
If we're equals,
show your naked body, too!
Take off your clothes!
[ISKA]
That makes absolutely no sense!
[RIN] Lady Alice,
have you lost your mind?
[ALICE]
Don't you run away from me!
[MAN] You may introduce
yourself, Saint Disciple.
I'm Risya of the Empire.
I'm afraid I don't
have an appointment...
...Transcendent Demon, Salinger.